🔹 Beginner-Level Questions

You have a list of student roll numbers, but some are repeated. How can you get only the unique roll numbers?

A class has two sections: Section A roll numbers and Section B roll numbers. Find students who are common in both sections.

A shop records the product IDs sold in a day. How can you check if any product was sold more than once?

Write a program to remove a particular student’s roll number from the set (if it exists).

How will you check whether all students of Section A are also present in the School Master list?




🔹 Intermediate-Level Questions

Two companies conducted hiring. You are given two sets of selected candidates. Find candidates who were selected by both companies.

From two cricket teams, find players who are unique to each team (not common).

A university stores all registered courses in one set. A student selects 4 subjects. Write a program to check if the student’s selection is valid (all subjects belong to the university set).

A city database has a set of registered voters. On election day, another set contains actual voters. Find who didn’t vote.

Write a program to randomly remove students one by one from a set until it becomes empty.



🔹 Advanced/Applied Questions

You are building a plagiarism checker. Given two sets of unique words from two essays, find:

Common words

Unique words in each essay

Total unique vocabulary used.

A shopping site records all users who viewed a product (views) and another set of users who purchased it (purchases).

Find users who viewed but did not purchase.

Check if all purchasers are from the viewers’ set.

A social media app has a set of followers and a set of following.

Find mutual friends (intersection).

Find non-mutual connections (symmetric difference).

You’re given sets of programming languages known by different employees.

Find employees who know both Python and Java.

Find employees who know only one language.

Find employees who don’t know Python.

Create a system that keeps track of unique visitors to a website using sets. Update the set whenever a new visitor arrives, and report the total unique visitors so far.